specification/batch/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# Batch

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Batch.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for Batch, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration



### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the Batch API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2017-09
```

### Tag: package-2017-09

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-09` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-09'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Batch/stable/2017-09-01/BatchManagement.json
```

## Suppression

Note that this setting should be removed once [this GitHub bug](https://github.com/Azure/azure-openapi-validator/issues/68) is fixed.
``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: R2063
    from: BatchManagement.json
    reason: Bug in linter
```


### Tag: package-2017-05

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-05` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-05'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Batch/stable/2017-05-01/BatchManagement.json
```


### Tag: package-2017-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-01'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Batch/stable/2017-01-01/BatchManagement.json
```

### Tag: package-2015-12

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-12` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-12'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Batch/stable/2015-12-01/BatchManagement.json
```


---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_mgmt_batch']
```


## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  # last generated with AutoRest.1.0.0-Nightly20170129 from commit 19f63015ea5a8a0fc64b9d7e2cdfeac447d93eaf
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.Batch
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/Batch/Management/Management.Batch/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Python

These settings apply only when `--python` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--python-sdks-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-python clone>`.
Use `--python-mode=update` if you already have a setup.py and just want to update the code itself.

``` yaml $(python)
python-mode: create
python:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  payload-flattening-threshold: 2
  namespace: azure.mgmt.batch
  package-name: azure-mgmt-batch
  clear-output-folder: true
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'update'
python:
  no-namespace-folders: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-mgmt-batch/azure/mgmt/batch
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'create'
python:
  basic-setup-py: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-mgmt-batch
```


## Go

These settings apply only when `--go` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(go)
go:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_APACHE_NO_VERSION
  namespace: batch
  clear-output-folder: true
```

### Go multi-api
``` yaml $(go) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2017-09
  - tag: package-2017-05
  - tag: package-2017-01
  - tag: package-2015-12
```

### Tag: package-2017-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-09' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/batch/mgmt/2017-09-01/batch
```

### Tag: package-2017-05 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-05 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-05' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/batch/mgmt/2017-05-01/batch
```

### Tag: package-2017-01 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-01 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-01' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/batch/mgmt/2017-01-01/batch
```

### Tag: package-2015-12 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-12 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-12' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/batch/mgmt/2015-12-01/batch
```


## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
azure-arm: true
fluent: true
namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.batch
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
payload-flattening-threshold: 1
output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/azure-mgmt-batch
```

### Java multi-api

``` yaml $(java) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2015-12
  - tag: package-2017-09
  - tag: package-2017-01
  - tag: package-2017-05
```

### Tag: package-2015-12 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-12 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-12' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.batch.v2015_12_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/batch/resource-manager/v2015_12_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-09 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-09 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-09' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.batch.v2017_09_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/batch/resource-manager/v2017_09_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-01 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-01 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-01' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.batch.v2017_01_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/batch/resource-manager/v2017_01_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-05 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-05 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-05' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.batch.v2017_05_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/batch/resource-manager/v2017_05_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

`

Commit message:

Adding suppressions for Microsoft.Batch RP API (#3651)
* The following operations use proxy objects that do not conform to the ARM
   specification. These were written prior to the guidelines update stating that
   all objects must conform.
 * Their shape will be changed in a future API version but would require a
   breaking change to existing users for existing versions

   - Microsoft.Batch/batchAccounts/applications
   - Microsoft.Batch/batchAccounts/applications/versions

specification/batch/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# Batch

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Batch.



---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for Batch, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`
---

## Configuration



### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the Batch API.

``` yaml
openapi-type: arm
tag: package-2017-09
```

### Tag: package-2017-09

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-09` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-09'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Batch/stable/2017-09-01/BatchManagement.json
```

## Suppression

Note that this setting should be removed once [this GitHub bug](https://github.com/Azure/azure-openapi-validator/issues/68) is fixed.
``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: R2063
    from: BatchManagement.json
    reason: Bug in linter

  - from:
     - 2017-09-01/BatchManagement.json
     - 2017-05-01/BatchManagement.json
     - 2017-01-01/BatchManagement.json
     - 2015-12-01/BatchManagement.json
    where:
    - $.definitions.Application
    - $.definitions.ApplicationPackage
    suppress:
    - R2020
    reason: Proxy resource written prior to ARM guidelines update and would require breaking changes to fix. The shape of the entity will be corrected in future next API versions.

  - from:
     - 2017-09-01/BatchManagement.json
     - 2017-05-01/BatchManagement.json
     - 2017-01-01/BatchManagement.json
     - 2015-12-01/BatchManagement.json
    where:
    - $.definitions.Application.properties
    - $.definitions.ApplicationPackage.properties
    suppress:
    - R3006
    reason: Proxy resource written prior to ARM guidelines update and would require breaking changes to fix. The shape of the entity will be corrected in future API versions.
```


### Tag: package-2017-05

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-05` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-05'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Batch/stable/2017-05-01/BatchManagement.json
```


### Tag: package-2017-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-01'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Batch/stable/2017-01-01/BatchManagement.json
```

### Tag: package-2015-12

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-12` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-12'
input-file:
- Microsoft.Batch/stable/2015-12-01/BatchManagement.json
```


---
# Code Generation


## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-node
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-ruby
    after_scripts:
      - bundle install && rake arm:regen_all_profiles['azure_mgmt_batch']
```


## C#

These settings apply only when `--csharp` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--csharp-sdks-folder=<path to "SDKs" directory of your azure-sdk-for-net clone>`.

``` yaml $(csharp)
csharp:
  # last generated with AutoRest.1.0.0-Nightly20170129 from commit 19f63015ea5a8a0fc64b9d7e2cdfeac447d93eaf
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  namespace: Microsoft.Azure.Management.Batch
  payload-flattening-threshold: 1
  output-folder: $(csharp-sdks-folder)/Batch/Management/Management.Batch/Generated
  clear-output-folder: true
```

## Python

These settings apply only when `--python` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--python-sdks-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-python clone>`.
Use `--python-mode=update` if you already have a setup.py and just want to update the code itself.

``` yaml $(python)
python-mode: create
python:
  azure-arm: true
  license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_VERSION
  payload-flattening-threshold: 2
  namespace: azure.mgmt.batch
  package-name: azure-mgmt-batch
  clear-output-folder: true
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'update'
python:
  no-namespace-folders: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-mgmt-batch/azure/mgmt/batch
```
``` yaml $(python) && $(python-mode) == 'create'
python:
  basic-setup-py: true
  output-folder: $(python-sdks-folder)/azure-mgmt-batch
```


## Go

These settings apply only when `--go` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(go)
go:
  license-header: MICROSOFT_APACHE_NO_VERSION
  namespace: batch
  clear-output-folder: true
```

### Go multi-api
``` yaml $(go) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2017-09
  - tag: package-2017-05
  - tag: package-2017-01
  - tag: package-2015-12
```

### Tag: package-2017-09 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-09 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-09' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/batch/mgmt/2017-09-01/batch
```

### Tag: package-2017-05 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-05 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-05' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/batch/mgmt/2017-05-01/batch
```

### Tag: package-2017-01 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-01 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-01' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/batch/mgmt/2017-01-01/batch
```

### Tag: package-2015-12 and go

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-12 --go` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--go-sdk-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-go clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-12' && $(go)
output-folder: $(go-sdk-folder)/services/batch/mgmt/2015-12-01/batch
```


## Java

These settings apply only when `--java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java-folder=<path to the root directory of your azure-libraries-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(java)
azure-arm: true
fluent: true
namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.batch
license-header: MICROSOFT_MIT_NO_CODEGEN
payload-flattening-threshold: 1
output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/azure-mgmt-batch
```

### Java multi-api

``` yaml $(java) && $(multiapi)
batch:
  - tag: package-2015-12
  - tag: package-2017-09
  - tag: package-2017-01
  - tag: package-2017-05
```

### Tag: package-2015-12 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2015-12 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2015-12' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.batch.v2015_12_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/batch/resource-manager/v2015_12_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-09 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-09 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-09' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.batch.v2017_09_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/batch/resource-manager/v2017_09_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-01 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-01 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-01' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.batch.v2017_01_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/batch/resource-manager/v2017_01_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

### Tag: package-2017-05 and java

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2017-05 --java` is specified on the command line.
Please also specify `--azure-libraries-for-java=<path to the root directory of your azure-sdk-for-java clone>`.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2017-05' && $(java) && $(multiapi)
java:
  namespace: com.microsoft.azure.management.batch.v2017_05_01
  output-folder: $(azure-libraries-for-java-folder)/batch/resource-manager/v2017_05_01
regenerate-manager: true
generate-interface: true
```

`
